---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to Jekyll!"
date:   2021-11-01 04:48:53 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

### D.Pistorius

Address: $$$$$$$$$$	Winnipeg, MB, $$$$$$

1-555-$$$-$$$$	name@email.domain

----

#### Objective

To obtain employment with a company that will allow me to apply the knowledge gained at the University of Manitoba and to learn and implement new practical computer-science skills.  

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Education

###### BSC HONOURS COMPUTER SCIENCE CANDIDATE, UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA, 5TH YEAR

* Cumulative GPA: 4.02/4.5

* COMP 4620 Professional Practice in Computer Science A
  COMP 4360 Machine Learning A+
  COMP 3190 Introduction to Artificial Intelligence A+
  COMP 2160 Programming Practices A+
  COMP 2130 Discrete Mathematics for Computer Science A+

###### GRADE 12 CUM LAUDE, FORT RICHMOND COLLEGIATE, WINNIPEG, APRIL 2016

* AP Computer Science with 98%
  AP Physics with 90%  

--------------------

#### Awards and Recognition

###### PLACED ON THE DEAN'S HONOUR LIST 2018/19
**UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA UNDERGRADUATE STUDENT AWARD (2020) $6,750 (DECLINED)**

**UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH AWARD (2020) $7000.00 (ACCEPTED)**

------------------

#### Skills

Working knowledge of the Java and Python programming languages.

Familiarity with the Lua, C, and C++ programming languages.

Experience in animation, web design, and image processing using Adobe products  

--------------

#### Work History

###### SUMMER RESEARCH POSITION, UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA, COMPUTATIONAL FINANCIAL DERIVATIVES LABORATORY, WINNIPEG
May 2020-August 2020
Research related to Financial Counter-Party Risk Prevention with Blockchain

###### SUMMER STUDENT, UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA, PHYSICS IMAGING LAB, WINNIPEG

May 2019- August 2019
Accepted as Summer student to translate scientific algorithms from Matlab to Python.

###### SUMMER STUDENT, UNIVERSITY OF MANITOBA, PHYSICS IMAGING LAB, WINNIPEG

May 2018-August 2018
Compiling of scientific papers using Zotero. (Volunteer work)  

---------

#### Hobbies

Presiding over a bi-weekly Role Playing group as the Game Master.

Reading fantasy/science fiction novels.

Playing real-time and turn-based strategy games.  

------------

#### References

**PROFESSOR RUPPA THULASIRAM**
Research Supervisor: Computational Financial Derivatives Laboratory, University of Manitoba
tulsi@cs.umanitoba.ca

**MARIO SOLIS NEPOTE**
Research Associate: Research Institute of Oncology and Hematology
University of Manitoba Physics Imaging Lab
mario.solis.n@gmail.com

**MRS. J. PIASECKI**
Physics Teacher and Mentor, Fort Richmond Collegiate
jpiasecki@pembinatrails.ca  

------------







TESTING

You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. You can rebuild the site in many different ways, but the most common way is to run `jekyll serve`, which launches a web server and auto-regenerates your site when a file is updated.

Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

`YEAR-MONTH-DAY-title.MARKUP`

Where `YEAR` is a four-digit number, `MONTH` and `DAY` are both two-digit numbers, and `MARKUP` is the file extension representing the format used in the file. After that, include the necessary front matter. Take a look at the source for this post to get an idea about how it works.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
